I want to make a streamlit webapp -
Key feature -

Admin dashboard :
_____________________

1. First of all Admin can create Company by Company Name , User name , password , Profile picture link . But admin can't create employees and the sub branches of the company . Admin only can creates Companies . 
2. Admin can see the list of the companies , Can see the list of sub branches of the company.
3. Admin Can Deactivate any of the company . when admin deactivate any of the company then the branches the company made and the employee they assign will also be automatically deactivated . When the company reactivate the company the branches the company made and the employee they assign will also be automatically activated .
4. Admin Can sent message to Company (Text , links , Attachments) also can remove the message he sent .
5. Admin can Update Profile , Like Profile name , username , profile image (By profile link) (Can't change password because it can will be static password which will be stored in streamlit secrets .)
5. Admin username and password will be static and will be store in streamlit secrets as the project will be deployed by streamlit cloud. 



Company Dashboard :
_________________________
1. Company can creates sub branches of the company .
2. Company can creates Branches of the company . (Default Main Branch)
3. Company can creates employees id by Employees Name , User name , password , Profile picture link and assign their roles . Like - "Manager" , "Asst. Manager" , "General Employees" . under the branches .
4. Company can Update the roles of the employees .
5. Can see the branches , Employees .
6. Can assign tasks to any Branches or Direct any of the employees . If company assign any task to branches then those task will be assign to the all of the employees under that branches . when that task will be marked as completed by all of the employees of that branch then ultimately the task will be Completed , other wise if the Manager or the Asst. Manager mark that task as complete ultimately the task will be complete that will be shown to the Company.
7. Can see and download (as pdf)the reports of Branches Daily , Month , Year or custom range wise .
8. can see and download (as pdf) General employees , Managers and Asst. Manager by Daily , Month , Year or custom range wise .
9. Can deactivate or reactivate Any of the branches or employees . If company deactivate any branches then all the employees will be deactivate automatically whose are under that branch . Again , when company activate again any of his branches then all the employees will be activated whose are under that branch .
10. Company can switch the branches of the employee any of its branches it have .
11. Company can deactivate or reactivate any of the employees .
12. Can Update profiles without the username.
13. Can send message to the Branches 
14. can reply the message of admins


Role :

Branch Manager :

1. Managers can creates only employees id by Employees Name , User name , password , Profile picture link and but those role will be assign as only General Employees under that specific branches .
2. Can assign tasks to any of the General employees and Asst. Manager under that specific branches.  
3.Can see and download (as pdf)the reports of General employees and Asst. Manager and himself by Daily , Month , Year or custom range wise .
4. Can deactivate or reactivate Any employees .
5. Can Update profiles without the username.
6. Submit report
7. Action to the task
8. can reply the message of Company
9. Can send message to the Branches

Branch Ass. Manager :

1. Asst. Managers can creates only employees id by Employees Name , User name , password , Profile picture link and but those role will be assign as only General Employees under that specific branches .
2. Can assign tasks to only any of the General employees under that specific branches. But can't assign task to the Manager
3. Can see and download (as pdf)the reports of General employees himself by Daily , Month , Year or custom range wise .
4. Can deactivate or reactivate Any employees .
5. Can Update profiles without the username.
6. Submit report
7. Action to the task
8. can reply the message of Company
9. Can send message to the Branches

Branch Employees :

1. Can see and download (as pdf)the reports of himself by Daily , Month , Year or custom range wise .
2. Can Update profiles without the username.
3. Submit reports
4. Action to the task
5 - employees can log in with the credentials the admin provides .
6 - employees will select date and write what he did for that date and upload , which will be store in database .
7 - another page he can see the whole records of what he did daily wise , monthly wise , yearly wise .
8 - employees can see the tasks that assign from admin . when employee complete the task then he can mark that is done and will also be stored in database
8. can reply the message other employee
9. Can send message to the Branch manager , Asst manager 



Important note

-For database - Postgres
-The credentials will be store in streamlit secrets
-The webapp will be deployed by streamlit cloud hosting
-With your code also give me requirements.txt
-Webapp UI will be clean , modern , simple
-Don't put the Login-Logout design in sidebar and make the UI ugly . Improve the UI For Login-Logout design.
-Show the employee Image when they log in along with other thing
